Now that we have our area of youth set up for success.
Next up is to add some flair to our application and by adding flair, I don't mean like crazy animations
or anything like that, but you know, we can start with something simple, like a background color
and the background color could be anything you want.
Right now, what I'm going to pick is a color that kind of represents like how I wanted to look, and
that can be a dark blue.
That dark blue is a colour that I personally prefer.
And I want my app to have a dark tone.
Now, as you can see here, the text is also kind of dark against it.
So we may want to add style here for the text.
So let's do styles of text.
And then let's add specific text colors where we can say, hey, the text color is white and we can
do three f's and then boom, that stands out against the dark blue.
One thing to note here, though, is that these strings that we put in here for background color in
color, we don't want to copy these around every time we want to set something as dark blue or every
time we want to set something to the color white.
So what we can do is we can add a source folder and in that source folder, what we can do is we can
create a folder called utils.
And with that folder utils, what will add is a new file and we'll call that file colors dot.
And in here we can say export konst colors and we'll create a map of colors.
We'll say white is equal to FSF and we'll say dark blue is equal to.
And then we'll grab the color that I previously had.
So now we have a color map.
We go back to the app here where we can now do is we can say import.
Colors.
From.
And then we can say that splash source utils colors.
Am I doing this now, he can say?
Colours the dark blue.
And color is thought white.
And that cleans up the code a bit here and now we have a nice, dark background and some white text.
Awesome.
I was fairly simple now choose whatever color you like, make that up your own and I'll see you in the
next video.